# Final Exam 💯

You will be making an individual contribution to your team project and demonstrate your understanding of how to construct new pipeline jobs.

### Pipeline jobs

Using your team's pipeline tool, create a deployment pipeline jobs for two different open source projects. 

Select projects that meet these general constraints:

* Project hosted on github, excluding course materials
* Use different technology stacks
* Not targeted by any team members
* Have visible functionality over a web site when operational.

The deployment pipeline build and deployment jobs should at least contain a build, test, and deploy/release step.

### New feature.

Implememnt a new stage or new feature in your pipeline not previously implemented in your team's pipeline, based on material covered in the course. Demonstrate using in one of your pipeline jobs.


## Milestone report

Document the design of your pipeline jobs and your new feature/stage.
This can be described in your submission's README.md.

## 💯 Evaluation

You will be evaluated based on correctness, creativity, and effort of the implemented jobs and stage/feature.

* Pipeline jobs (40%)
* New feature/stage (40%)
* Screencast and final report. (20%)

Points may be deducted for not following constraints, poor quality of implementation, or failing to include sufficient detail required to evaluate capabilities.

## Submission

Commit your all your work related to your project into your designated repository in the master branch before the final deadline. 

When you have finished the submission, create a branch called `F0-[unityid]` to hold a snapshot of your work related to this final examination.

Ensure your repository contains:

* a top-level node.js project supporting the required commands for running your pipeline and new feature.
* a sample .env file that describes any necessary settings needed for running your pipeline.
* a README.md, with your report details.
* a link to screencast that demostrates your deployment.

**Due Wednesday, May 4th, before midnight.**
