In creating your pipeline, you must be able to create a build server that is capable of building a target project. The build server must work in response to commit events, and trigger other events as a result of a build job.

#### Capabilities 

The build server must support the following properties.

* The ability to trigger a build in response to a git commit via a [git hook](http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks).
* The ability to execute a build job via a script or build manager (e.g., shell, maven), which ensures a clean build each time.
* The ability to determine failure or success of a build job, and as a result trigger an external event (run post-build task, send email, etc).
* The ability to have multiple jobs corresponding to multiple branches in a repository. Specifically, a commit to a branch, `release`, will trigger a `release build job`. A commit to a branch, `dev`, will trigger a `dev build job`.
* The ability to track and display a history of past builds (a simple list works) via http.

In creating your build server, you have the option of configuring an existing tool, such as Jenkins, or of using a minimal build setup via scripts/code (e.g., automating the docker technique in the workshop).

**A hosted CI system such as Travis CI is not a valid option for this milestone**.

### Submission

[Submit a link](https://docs.google.com/a/ncsu.edu/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe6rXDdX01s7t2-9KHVhK_CWxFp1vxSCgcm_GmLEvbvLAXG7w/viewform) to your repository that includes:

* your code,
* your team (Unity Ids of everyone and their contribution)
* a README.md, with a `### Build section` describing your setup and how each capability is met by your implementation,
* test cases/scripts/screenshots/screencast that demostrates each build server capability.

*If you are configuring a system such as Jenkins, and have set everything up via the GUI, then you should still submit the its configuration file as part of your code.*

If you want to reuse the same repo for your whole project, then create a branch for each milestone.

**Due September 27th, midnight.**

### Evaluation

* Triggered Builds - 20%
* Dependency Management + Build Script Execution - 20%
* Build Status + External Post-Build Job Triggers - 20%
* Multiple Branches, Multiple Jobs - 20%
* Build History and Display over HTTP - 20%

Points may be deducted for not following instructions or including sufficient detail to evaluate capability.
